📚 DOCS: Reduce length of link text (#864)
executablebooks/jupyter-book: docs/intro.md

Here are some of the features of Jupyter Book:

**[Write publication-quality content in markdown](content-types/markdown)**<br />
You can write in either Jupyter markdown, or an extended flavor of markdown with [publishing features](content/myst).
This includes support for rich syntax such as [citations and cross-references](content/citations), [math and equations](content/math), and [figures](content/figures).

**[Write content in Jupyter Notebooks](content-types/notebooks)**<br />
This allows you to include your code and outputs in your book.
You can also write notebooks [entirely in markdown](content-types/myst-notebooks) to execute when you build your book.

**[Execute and cache your book's content](content/execute)**<br />
For `.ipynb` and markdown notebooks, execute code and insert the latest outputs into your book.
In addition, {ref}`cache and re-use<execute/cache>` outputs to be used later.

**[Insert notebook outputs into your content](content/glue)**<br />
Generate outputs as you build your documentation, and insert them in-line with your content across pages.

**[Add interactivity to your book](interactive/launchbuttons)**<br />

> You can [toggle visibility of cells](interactive/hiding), [connect with an online service](interactive/launchbuttons) like Binder, and include [interactive outputs](interactive/interactive) from Jupyter.

Author: ```suggestion
You can [toggle cell visibility](interactive/hiding), include [interactive outputs](interactive/interactive) from Jupyter, and [connect with online services](interactive/launchbuttons) like Binder.
```
